I, Ankur Goswami, welcome you all.
Before I tell you about today's job opportunities on this platform of BFSI Kar 247, I would definitely like to tell you that you should
join this platform, friends, this is such a
platform which is completely
changing your life.  Getting you a job.
Thinking about you.  Right?
From career guidance to interview
preparation, this platform tells you everything about where you have interviews
, where you are getting jobs, where you are getting jobs.
Even you are getting the
course done for free.  Right?  So
join and subscribe.  All right, it
's an internship friends, ICICI Lo LBAD is a
very big company in operations.  It is a very good company.
So the internship at ICICI Low LBA
is in Operations.  Right people from Kolkata, Hyderabad, Delhi,
NCR can apply.
Kolkata, Hyderabad and Delhi, NCR.
Ok?  Let's read what it is.  Pan
India location.  Graduate, Apprentice
Trainee Motor Claims.  Look here,
what is the opening written here?  It is written Pan
India.  Location is written as PAN India.  But
what was written above?  Three locations were given above.
No problem.  It is possible that interviews may be held
in three locations
and you may get joining in pan India.
Ok?  So there
is no issue.  Wherever you are from, you
must apply for this.  Okay, let me tell you first.
Graduation is mandatory in this.
Whatever you have done, BA, B.Sc, B.Com, B.Tech, B.Pharma,
you are eligible.  All right.  The
candidate must be a fresher.
Recent graduate with a degree Strong
analytical and problem solving skills
Excellent communication and interpersonal
skills Attention to deal An ability to work
in a fast paced manner Brother, you should also know a little bit of MS
Excel etc. Okay, you should have a strong
desire to learn,
that is very important Okay, and after that,
where will you get work in motor claims, the claims that come in motor
insurance etc.,
right, a customer took
insurance, he took his car
insurance, the car met with an accident, a
claim came in for that, right, you have to work with that team, you have to
learn the whole thing, how the
verification is done, how the
team does the research, how the team finds out whether the accident that has happened
or the theft of a car or a bike
or any vehicle is actually a true
incident or it has been presented in a false way, there is
research in everything,
you have to learn all this, if you want to work with that team then this is
a good opportunity to
learn.  Right?  So friends, if you have just
completed your graduation and
you can apply here.  It is
written Login to Apply.  Apply there.
Make the reyu very well.
Remember, pay attention to the resume,
some skills are required here.   I have to
work in claims.  So
analytical skills, as I said,
analytical skills, ability to work.  So
you should have all these things
written in your resume, as it is three-four points.
From here or this entire point should be written.
From strong analytical to
eager to learn.  If it is written in your resume then
this thing matches with it.
If there is a match then your resume gets
shortlisted.  This is the way it is.
This is the way it is.  Okay friends?
So apply.  If you are a graduate.   I have just
completed my graduation.  You are
not getting a job, you are looking for it, you want to do a job, you
can start.  ICICI LBA is a very good
company.  All right friends, if there is any concern
, please join me.  Subscribe to the channel.
You can connect with me through Lindin.
Our friends,
we have also started a free course which is
available only on YouTube.  I come daily at 3:00.   I
take the session at 3:10.  Today, in fact, this is happening every day.
So come and join us.  I am
teaching for free that thing which costs thousands and
lakhs.  I am teaching him for free.
Right?  So this is a good opportunity and if you have any
concern, please connect with me.
Via Lindin.  I will definitely talk to you.  I
will also share my WhatsApp number with you
on Lindin.  Take care of yourself.  See you
in another next job update.  Thank you so much
everyone.